[Music]
welcome to storeflix in this video we
will explain a japanese movie inspired
by an anime series ajin demi human this
movie tells the story of a student named
naga who discovers he is an adjun and a
mortal hunted by the government
can you live freely in this world let's
find out imagine demi-human
action demi human tells the story of a
young man named who realizes that he is
an aging after having a traffic accident
naka was able to get up and was
completely unharmed after being hit by a
truck
after the incident his identity as ajin
was revealed
he was then immediately secured by the
japanese government to be used as an
object of research related to the
development of the human revolution in
the future the research was led by a man
named tasaki
the japanese government has conducted a
series of research to examine all things
related to aging
agent is a human who cannot be killed
and have extraordinary self-healing
abilities
in the research naga had to experience
torture and was killed many times in
various ways but he was still alive
in no time his wounds were completely
healed
nagai is the third agent to become the
government's research object
one day two men named sato and tanaka
broke into the research center to save
nagai the two of them were ajin
tasaki who already knew about this
immediately increased the security of
the research building and mobilized all
guards to fight them
however the guards were no match for
sato who was also good at fighting and
shooting he couldn't be killed either
the only way to immobilize the engine is
to anesthetize them that's why when a
guard fired a stun bullet into sado's
hand but he chose to cut it off he
didn't even hesitate to shoot himself
when his body was filled with stun
bullets this was deliberately done so
that the cells in his body could quickly
regenerate and bounce back in prime
condition
sada finally managed to save nagai and
ordered him to kill the scientists who
had killed him thousands of times
but naga was reluctant to do so because
he was not sato who enjoyed killed many
people
naga then shot sato and fled from there
with the surviving scientists
actually naga wanted to kill the people
who had acted cruelly to him but he
chose to live a peaceful life without
grudges
sato who had risen again immediately
chased after naga and attacked him
repeatedly
sada finally managed to corner him when
they were facing each other sato took
out a black creature from inside his
body
this creature is often called ghost and
all agent have it
this is the first time magazine is ghost
long story short sato and nagai's ghosts
are fighting each other
seeing his ghost start to be cornered by
sado's ghost naked summon his ghost to
attack sato
after sato was dropped he rushed to
escape from there by jumping out of the
building
after slaughtering the guards sato and
tanaka came out of the research building
and exposed all the cruel actions of the
japanese government against the agent in
front of many journalists
sato urged the japanese government to
give special territories to the agent to
live properly like other humans
elsewhere nagai who managed to escape
from the pursuit of sato then met a kind
grandmother the grandmother allowed him
to stay at her house
naggy was very happy because he needed a
hiding place after running away from
people who only wanted to take advantage
of him
a few days later sato threatened the
japanese government to respond to his
previous request he even threatened to
attack all the ministerial buildings
near the agin research center if they
did not grant his request
of course it was a mere bluff because he
did hold a bitter grudge against the
japanese government
sato is the first agent to be the object
of research by the japanese government
he was the object of research for 20
years and during that time he had to
endure such endless torment that he
wished he could die
sato wants to avenge all the cruel
treatment he experienced while being the
experiment object meanwhile tanaka was
the second experiment object by the
government
even when sato and tanaka had managed to
escape from the research center they
hadn't gotten the freedom they wanted
because the japanese government
continued to hunt them down
sato then invites another actions to
unite a fight so they can live a decent
life
in his hiding place nagai continues to
practice controlling and mastering his
ghost abilities to become stronger
not only that he also keeps an eye on
the current situation and learns about
the threats that sod opposes from the
internet
nakai then visits his younger sister
uriko who is undergoing treatment at the
hospital
naga wanted to protect her from a
dangerous situation that might happen
shortly by taking her as far away as
possible
the day of the attack arrived
tanaka brought complete equipment and
took up a position on the roof of a
building without anyone noticing
meanwhile police and riot squads stood
guard outside the ministry building to
keep the situation under control
there were also many journalists from
various television stations who would
broadcast the attack live
sato attacked the ministry building by
flying a plane and crashing it directly
the situation became chaotic and people
ran for their lives of course saddle
bounced back
in the chaos tanaka flies the drone
carrying sato's equipment for his next
attack
the anti-riot troops acted quickly to
ambush sato and strafe his body with
bullets
sato was successfully paralyzed before
he could launch a fight
when the police secured him that's when
tanaka began to carry out his duties
tanaka is a sniper
alone he managed to kill a policeman who
surrounded sato with precise shots from
the top of the building
shortly after sado got back up and
massacred the entire cop by himself
at his hideout nage witnessed sato's
brutality on a live broadcast
after that sato did a live stream from
the scene of his massacre with an
innocent face
he reiterated his threat to the japanese
government
even this time he asked the japanese
government to hand over tokyo as a
special territory for the agent if the
japanese government ignores his wishes
he will steal the state's poison gas and
use it to exterminate all of tokyo's
citizens
suddenly sato's threat caused a
commotion throughout the city
tokyo residents panicked and flocked to
leave the city to save themselves
tasaki and the japanese government
immediately entered into negotiations
with sato
the government offered an uninhabited
island in the akkado and kyushu regions
as a special area for the agin
but sato flatly refused because he only
wanted tokyo he then hung up the phone
and negotiations failed
not long after naga decided to meet
tasaki they then negotiated secretly in
one place
nagit wants to ally with tasaki to stop
sato and his minions of course nagai's
offer was welcomed by him because it
would benefit the japanese government
but before the two of them agreed
made two conditions to tasaki
first he wanted his sister to be taken
to the safest place
second he wants to get new social status
and identity after finishing everything
tasaki didn't seem to mind nagai's terms
and agreed
an agreement was reached just in case
nage had prepared a threat to tasaki if
he broke his promise
he vowed to kill tasaki's philanthropy
dared betray him
tasaki and nage immediately set up a
plan to protect the poison gas and stop
sato
during a meeting tasaki reveals an
anti-aging army that can be deployed
against sato and his minions but jasaki
did not have the authority to command
the troops because they had to get
approval from the japanese government
as to sack in his team set a trap for
sato tanaka and his men entered the
building and attacked the guards
however sato was nowhere to be seen with
them it didn't take long for tanaka and
the ajin to finish off all the guards
they then rushed to a room where the
poison gas was located but unbeknownst
to tanaka the room was a trap room that
nagai and tasaki had prepared
after tanaka and the ajin were in the
room nagai sent his ghost through the
air duct his ghost will make it
difficult for tanaka and the agin to see
their surroundings and making it easier
for the guards to sedate them because
only ajin can see ajun's ghost the
guards find it easier to incapacitate
tanaka and the other hatching
elsewhere sado wants to kill himself
using a wood crusher if an agent
destroys his body to pieces the agit
will regenerate to be stronger than
before but with a note they have to cut
off a few parts of their body before
destroying themselves it turned out that
sado's hand was in the bag that tanaka
was carrying so when sato regenerates
after self-destructing he will move to
where his slashed hand is currently
located
the resurrected sado finally appeared in
the trap room and attacked the guards
in instant the room became the site of
the unknown saddle massacre sato then
saves tanaka and they rush towards the
poison gas storage room
nagai who immediately ran towards the
trap room after hearing sato's
appearance could only gape at the sight
of all the guards who had died
sato who already had the poison gas in
his hand immediately contacted naga and
challenged him to come to the helipad
where he would detonate the poison gas
without thinking nage accepted sato's
challenge and rushed towards the helipad
their naga fought to the death against
sato and had to snatch the poison gas
from him with extreme care so it
wouldn't explode and annihilate everyone
elsewhere tasaki has to face off with
tanaka who has ambitions to kill him
after all his atrocities
but tasaki is always protected by his
bodyguard izumi who turns out to be an
agent-like tanaka
even though izumi has been trained as a
bodyguard tanaka is an opponent that
cannot be underestimated
izzini finally managed to distract
tanaka and make it easier for dasaki to
drink him tanaka was successfully
disabled
meanwhile naga manages to seize the
poison gas on the helipad and hides it
in a safe place
but the fierce battle between him and
sato seemed never ending as they
continued to recover and regenerate
rapidly
finally nag out with sano and his ghost
manages to stick a stun bullet into his
body but at the same time sato managed
to cut off nagai's hand naka thought it
was over but sato got up quickly and was
about to shoot him in the head
but then something very unexpected
happened
the anti-aging army ambushed them from
all directions and instantly froze sado
and nagai
after that their frozen bodies were
pinned down to pieces and annihilated
there was no more dust left so that the
two of them couldn't get back up and
perished forever
izumi who saw the incident then asked
tasaki how he could get permission to
deploy the anti-aging troops
tasaki replied that the japanese
government gave him permission on the
condition that naka must also be
destroyed
tasaki is forced to break his promise to
nage as this is the only way to stop
sado
but it turns out that nagai's history is
not over because he still has the pieces
of his hand lie on the floor
that guy got up again and immediately
left the place
the film ends
having the power and ability to exceed
other people in general does not mean
the right to oppress the weaker and act
as they please
[Music]
you